feat: Allow plot marks to be non-interactive. (#1332)
h2oai/wave: website/widgets/plots/overview.md

)
```

### Disable events

> If you do not wish to raise wave events on interaction with specific mark, simply specify it `interactive=False` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not wish to raise wave events on interaction with a specific mark, simply specify the `interactive=False` attribute.
```

```py
from h2o_wave import data

q.page['example'] = ui.plot_card(
    box='1 1 4 5',
    title='Interval, range',
    data=data('profession salary', 5, rows=[
        ('medicine', 33000),
        ('fire fighting', 18000),
        ('pedagogy', 24000),
        ('psychology', 22500),
        ('computer science', 36000),
    ]),
    events=['select_marks'],

>     plot=ui.plot([ui.mark(type='interval', x='=salary', y='=profession', y_min=0, interactive=False)])

Reviewer: Would be better to include the solution to a problem described in #1331.
